pierre-alain there is a glass ok that
what's more a parrot compared
to other birds it's more
smart that's a gray parrot
Gabon has an intelligence
special
scientists say they have to
pretty much an intellectual capacity
a child of 5 years we imagine finally
me it's the cliché that I have that the
parrot is a bird that all speak
do not speak but the gabon is
certainly the best speaker that
we can know
and when we say speak they repeat
sounds he hears or understands a little
little the liquids completely the words to
advisedly
there really the ability to create a real
link via the word with his accomplice he
can talk about just about every
languages this ability he take it in
France the cci there he has the ability to
produce complex sounds and words
and then even after it's
Japanese or French he would adapt
completely so it works like a
child so that means he needs him
to learn it is necessary to teach him
the trained one has to spend time with
him and quite how much of
words there is an average that's pretty much
of 200 mo on a gray parrot that is
a little trained already
you have to spend about how many hours
minimum per day
with him there is not necessarily time
specified that it should be
time already let him go free go
talk to him fondling him out in the
house is really very important
allows what they thrive and who
change a little bit of air he has a
quite exclusive behavior with the
person with whom they spend the
more time they need to
see that it is a full part of
the family positioned to cage in a
where the family lives
I heard that some
gray owners of the gabon in all
four parrots in their absence
was putting radio or TV
it's recommended or thinks it's necessary
favor contact with his
parrot and the enrichment of his
middle after I have heard too
so it is possible that it brings them
a little company that's crazy
it's a game that exists for kids
and had created gabon that are
able to do it with
training quite yeah we're going
on enriching the environment
stimulation is rather understands his
parrot we will spend a little while
with him as we would do with a
child there is an all in one relational
who is also around the candy
when he does well but we reward him
Ouch that's important
quite is it better in
to have 2 or only one gray of the gabon in
nature is a bird that is
gregarious do not forget about them
keep 2 in a cage that avoids
boredom that prevents them from finding the
days too long when you're
absent but with all we can
bring in their environment in their cage
the stimulations the puzzles the
games we can very well maintain a single
bird there is no problem against that
requires a little bit of
time with him
and